_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Customized web config and main page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Research Associate @ <a href='https://www.strath.ac.uk/science/mathematicsstatistics/'><b>Department of Mathematics and Statistics of University of Strathclyde</b></a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: platform_9_3_4.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Office: Livingstone Tower 1018, University of Strathclyde</p>
    <p>Address: 16 Richmond St, Glasgow G1 1XQ, UK</p>
    <p>Email: yucen.han@strath.ac.uk</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a Research Associate at the Department of Mathematics and Statistics of University of Strathclyde.
I am an applied mathematician with expertise at the interface of scientific computing, applied analysis and mathematical modelling. My research focuses on the mathematics of nematic liquid crystal (NLC) and partially ordered materials. She focuses on three essential problems - (I) NLC equilibria with emphasis on complex geometries of confinement and boundary conditions; (II) non-equilibrium phenomena e.g. switching processes and transition pathways; (III) modeling of complex biological LC systems e.g. membrane and the mixture of bacteria, elongated virus particles and polymers. My collaborators and I used delicate methods from complex analysis, Ginzburg-Landau theory and variational methods to study equilibria of NLC confined in thin geometries such as polygon and rectangle within powerful Landau-de Gennes theory, to study the effect of confinement on the multiplicity, spatial profiles of equilibria and their stable defects. We systematically investigated the switching mechanism and high-index saddle point nematics solution by using the multiscale string method and high-index optimization-based shrinking dimer method. We also developed a molecularly-informed phase field model motivated by the Ohta-Kawasaki model to study the membrane fusion, and studied the drug resistance of P. aeruginosa by investigating the interaction of nematic tactoids with bacteria.
